To apply to study at XMUM, you can submit an online application, an e-mail application OR a paper application.
Payment of application fee RM100(non-refundable) and registration fee RM200 (non-refundable) can be made to "XMU JIAGENG EDUCATION DEVELOPMENT SDN BHD " via:

1)      Cash, Cheque or Bank Draft
2)      Bank Transfer:
Bank name: Public Bank Berhad
Branch: KL City Main Office
Account Number: 319-724-8410
Swiftcode: PBBEMYKL
Branch Address: Menara Public Bank, 146 Jalan Ampang, 50450, KL

Bank Name: Malayan Banking Berhad
Branch: KLIA 2
Account Number: 5624-3250-5328
Swiftcode: MBBEMYKL
Branch Address: Retail Lot L3-1, Level 3, Gateway KLIA 2, Sepang, Malaysia


Bank Name : China Construction Bank (Malaysia) Berhad

Branch: KL Main

Account No. : 696-000-440-001 (MYR currency) 

Swift Code : PCBCMYKL 

Bank Address : Level 20, Menara CCB, Quill 6, No.6, Leboh Ampang, City Centre, 50100 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.




3）  Flywire (for new international students only): 

Xiamen University Malaysia has partnered with Flywire to streamline the fee payment process for our international students. With Flywire, international students can pay in their home currency and enjoy the following benefits:

§  Online payment tracking

§  No bank fees

§  Have access to 24/7 multilingual customer support via live chat, email, phone or WeChat.



Payment for International Students:

New student – Admin Fees (RM 2,900)

New Student – Admin Fees & Security Deposit (RM 3,900)

Check out the Flywire Payment Guideline.pdf. 



New Student - Tuition Fee / Hostel Rental

Check out the Flywire Payment Guideline - Tuition Fee Hostel Rental.pdf



Payment for Exchange Students:

Exchange student 

Check out the Flywire Payment Guideline.pdf



Flywire 24/7 Customer Support Information:

Email:             support@flywire.com

Website:         flywire.com/support (with live chat available)



Online Application
1.      Click HERE to complete the application form online
2.      Upload the electronic copy of support documents* online
3.      Submit the application online

Email Application
1.      Download the application form for admissions http://www.xmu.edu.my/download or contact admissions@xmu.edu.my to get the form and complete it
2.      Send the completed application form for admissions and the electronic copy of supporting documents* via email to admissions@xmu.edu.my
 
Paper Application
1.      Download the application form for admissions from http://www.xmu.edu.my/download or contact admissions@xmu.edu.my to get the form, complete it and print it out
2.      Send the printout application form and supporting documents* to the following address by hand or post:
Admissions Office, Xiamen Universtiy Malaysia
Jalan Sunsuria,
Bandar Sunsuria,
43900 Sepang,
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia

*Supporting Documents
·         A certified true copy of transcripts of previous studies
·         A certified true copy of diploma/certificate or equivalent
·         A copy of NRIC (for Malaysian students) or passport (for international students)
·         Scholarship & Study Grant Application Form
·         Proof of payment of the application fee and registration fee
 
